Fixes #513. Add TCK and Spec note about supporting OptionalInt, OptionalLong and OptionalDouble. (#530)
eclipse/microprofile-config: spec/src/main/asciidoc/configexamples.asciidoc

    private String someUrl;

    //The following code injects an Optional value of myprj.some.port property.

>     //Contrary to natively injecting the configured value will not lead to a

Reviewer: I think the original grammar was closer: 
```suggestion
    //Contrary to natively injecting the configured value, this will not lead to a
```

The wording could be better but I think this was the intent of the original sentence.

Author: I guess it was missing the comma, so it was looking weird to me.

    //DeploymentException if the value is missing.
    @Inject
    @ConfigProperty(name="myprj.some.port")
    private Optional<Integer> somePort;

    // You can also use the specialized Optional classes like OptionalInt,

>     // OptionalDouble and OptionalLong to perform inject. The configured value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // OptionalDouble, or OptionalLong to perform the injection. The configured value
```
